fix: correct 'Cloud Provider Credentials' writing errors (#831)
devopness/devopness: docs/users/credentials/add-gcp-credential.md

1. Access a GCP project or create a new one: [https://console.cloud.google.com/project](https://console.cloud.google.com/project)
    > If you created a new project, a notification modal will appear showing your new project creation status.

>     > Reload the console page if your new project is not listed a few seconds after its creation is succeeded.

Reviewer: The previous section starts with the conditional statement (`If you created a new project`), and only then says what needs to be done in such case?

Shouldn't we adopt the same approach for this sentence?

```suggestion
    > Note: It might take a few seconds for the new project to be visible in the project list.
    > If your new project is not listed a few seconds after its creation, reload the console page.
```

Author: Agree!
